---
layout: post
title: updates
date: 2021-11-15
---
Just turned 30 yesterday-I can't believe it! Glad I've finally gotten around to making some updates to this thing.
I've been trying to learn and focus as much as possible with Metis the past few months. I'm enjoying it a lot; though, it does feel overwhelming at times to balance work, health, and social life. 

I haven't posted again after the EDA project, so I should probably try to summarize how the other projects unfolded. 


For the regression project, I initially wanted to do the idea I mentioned below with Liverpool chants. However, I didn't pursue that project because logistic regression was part of the classification module, which I'd begin later. There was also minimal data to work with for that idea... I ended up creating a regression model to predict
the number of goals a player would score. This probably wasn't the best model type for that target metric since most players scored very few (if any) goals. 
In hindsight, this could've actually been a neat project for the classification module. I also had a ton of fun scraping my data and formatting it for my project–this 
was probably the most time-consuming part of the project, but seeing Selenium automate the process was badass. 

I enjoyed the business module a lot! Translating and communicating findings/insights is something invaluable for people working in data. I was also excited to use Tableau, which is a fantastic tool for visualization and communication. My initial idea, targeting an issue of interest, was to use UCSF data to address the lack of representation of participants in clinical research. However, I decided to scrap that idea since Tableau public would publish that data-huge no-go.
I decided to focus on cardiovascular health instead of using the CDC's National Health Interview Survey data to see who is at risk based on the features available from NHIS. 
I was incredibly proud of the interaction between BMI and age on cardiovascular health, seen in the Tableau dashboard. 


I was *finally* able to use data from work for the classification project. Again, the project shifted from what I wanted to do, but I was still happy with the outcome. 
I wanted to classify dementia syndrome based on the available data, but there were too many combinations and not enough data to tackle that problem. I decided to classify an
individual's dementia status, as defined by scores greater than 0.5, as having dementia, using demographic and Mini-Mental Status Exam data. The data were still limited, but
I was happy with the project and the model performance. GridSearchCV and RandomizedSearchCV came in clutch here. 

I'm now moving on to the NLP and unsupervised learning module. Not sure what to do here yet, but I'm confident I'll find an exciting project and learn a lot. 

Bear notes have been incredibly beneficial during my learning. I've taken some extensive notes, and I've organized them in a way that makes sense when referring back to them. 
