---
layout: post
title: DSxDAxDE
date: 2022-02-07
---

One of the biggest takeaways from being in the lab is asking myself: what am I uniquely positioned to do?

An instructor at Metis described our preparedness to enter the vast field of Data Science as "dangerous enough to have an impact." Entering a mid-senior level market as someone freshly transitioning, I've reflected on what I can offer in my next role. 

I feel confident I'll be able to leverage what I've learned in Data Science to make an impact as either a data scientist or data analyst. To show, I have my DS portfolio, and despite being recently turned down for a DA role at an outstanding company in favor of someone with more experience, I received the feedback:

"Wanted to let you know that feedback from your offline exercise came back great! It was actually one of the better ones we've ever reviewed. "

Taking the rejection in stride, I completed the DA certification through DataCamp (now just awaiting my video presentation grade). After that, however, I began thinking more about the day-to-day differences between DSxDAxDE. As a result, I feel data engineering might be a good fit because the organizational, supportive nature of the role fits not only my interests but how I've seen myself within different organizations and teams–I function the best serving, supporting, and creating so that others can perform optimally. I've already developed a strong sense of DA and DS roles, so strengthening my DE skills (databases, SQL, and pipelines) will only benefit me in my next post, regardless of the title. 
